# Weather classification using Fastai ResNet34

This repository is an example of using Fastai and ResNet34 as a transfer learning Model to perform a multi-class classification into 4 types: sunrise, shiny, rainy, cloudy.

### Implementation Details
- **Data Preprocessing:** The dataset is preprocessed to handle any missing values, perform feature scaling, and encode categorical variables as needed.
- **Train-Test Split:** The dataset is split into a training set and a test set.
- **Fastat Model Training:** The Fastai model is trained using ResNet34 as a transfer learning technique.
- **Model Evaluation:** The trained model is evaluated on the test data to assess its performance in prediction.

### Requirements
  - Python 3.x

### File descriptions
The dataset has been download from Mendely. Following is the link: https://data.mendeley.com/datasets/4drtyfjtfy/1

### Libraries:
  - fastai
  - matplotlib

### How to Use the Repository
- **Clone the Repository:** Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:
```
git clone [https://github.com/your_username/repo_name.git](https://github.com/akhilesh1709/Cancer-recognition-using-hybrid-transfer-learning.git)
```
- **Install Dependencies:** Ensure you have Python 3.x installed and the required libraries by running-
```
pip install fastai matplotlib
```
- **Data Preparation:** Load the dataset or a new dataset in a format suitable for training the model.
- **Run the Code:** Execute the code that trains the model and evaluates its performance on the test data.
- **Analyze Results:** Examine the evaluation metrics and predictions generated by the model to gain insights into its performance.

### Contribution
Contributions to this repository are welcome! If you have suggestions for improvement, find any issues, or want to add additional features to the model, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Together, let's enhance the fastai transfer learning model and make it more effective.
